---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Javascript WIP
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-01-21
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Learning
---

## Thoughts on Javascript So Far
Having learned Java in ICS111, more Java in 211, and brushing the surface of C in 212, I have not had experience in Javascript prior to 314. As the second week of this new semester comes to an end, my first impressions of Javascript are more positive than I had anticipated. While I was expecting it to be similar to Java, I had not realized how much potential Javascript had: its constant evolution, its user-friendliness, and its mass usage. Experience with Java definitely helped me to pick up Javascript faster than if I had no experience with coding at all. I guess what Jason Leigh said was true, roughly reciting his words, "The first language is the hardest to learn, the ones after will be easier." The ability to determine if Javascript is a good or bad programming language from a software engineering will come in time, hopefully by next month or the end of the semester at most, but having accidentally pressed F12 while in Google Chrome has taught me that Javascript has a pivotal role in software development. 

## Thoughts on ICS314
Athletic software engineering is a term that I have not heard of, but having done the practice WODs under a timed condition while also ensuring efficiency in my code, I definitely feel that I am shaping myself up for a competition of some sort. I enjoy the continuous surge of hands-on material, whether it be practice WODS, in-class WODS, or the almighty BWODs. The class being taught entirely on Discord and voice channels rather than on Zoom and breakout rooms took absolutely no time to adjust to so that was fine. As for the teaching style, I feel that the energy from the instructor oozes onto the students, making the environment more enjoyable to work in. I look forward to this semester. 
